Holographic Research in code for Counterterrorism

System in effect for Watson quantum computing IBM regarding explosion containment

The application and utilization of a holographic trans fixation in public transport of all types of vehicles and for the public in general long running apps for prevention software and allocated integration with existing safety measures
 
The integration of a prevention of pressures forces and heat from an explosion containing blast and remnants to a minimum

Theory
If we can understand the origins of a hurricane perhaps we can microscopically dissect the trigger mechanisms for its advancement and deployment by planting a qubit that is omnipotent in design to counteract forces pressures stresses involved in the juxtaposition of winds and temperatures to formulate plans for tropical storms.
Starting slowly at the level of instigation the involvement would comprising of investigation and interception intervention and prevention as well as overall monitoring.

Applying the same techniques at the source of triggers to prevent Nuclear War.

See June 27,2017

Counterterrorism Anticrime Safety Measures
Initial consultation brief


Bomb Investigation

The aspect of an egg being repaired in animation after it was dropped.
Of Relevance the containment of an explosion the reversal of effects of a blast due to the approaches of physics delegated approach designed in reverse time to configure and relay pressures forces acceleration speed and time to adjust to the mass of the destruction.
The physics contained in a  hologram of light which by itself would scatter on the impact of an explosion, however with the integration of mathematical precision a thinly spun web of reinforced adjustable particle that adjusts to heat damage trauma and wind currents as well smoke and fire is initiated as a new element in the prevention of destruction.
In any event the buildings become shock proof and bomb proof flood proof and fire proof.
The web spun to adhere to the principles of string theory emits forces of light and particles which adhere to policies that are A.I. Smart and revert back to original formulation of concrete of physical manifestations of cellulose and of DNA of damaged and traumatized criteria utilizing holographic artificial muscles to augment reality.
This means the muscles form a required implementation to reverse damage and repair by example systematic damage.
The hologram in a computerized hook up to hoses that supply the new particle which is made industrially from the reversal effect of the powder used to replace a severed finger and utilized to create the scenario that replacement can be structural or biological is complimentary to the mathematics medicine and law being practised.
The holograms the new element and the innovation with computer and the aspect of augmented reality give us what is possible for repair and restoration.
