Resuscitation-A1
1. In looking at the detail in pall bearers matching to escort in their duties the coffin placed at the front of the podium stage a needed implementation would be holograms of computerized shields to implement the holographic transfer of spectral mediums attached to the funeral procession to proceed to aide them in inter Dimensional travel to the life hereafter The shields would be inter Dimensional portals to Heaven -see research at IBM quantum computer

2. In looking at the epigenetics of reversing apoptosis in advancing reanimation in inducing repair and reconstruction in looking at the effects of rejuvenation for the overall aspect of initializing and inducing a safe supportive medical coma to support life systems in the anatomy to replace the more permanent signals and communication of apoptosis clinical death and absence of life signals.

3. The procedure of stem cell integration in the brainstem of induced heartbeat of supported circulation and pulse and respiratory support to coincide with brain activity induced and supported cognitively by computational neuroscience and introduced to prevent cancer and dementia

4. A look at the genes their proteins and their DNA  configurations and makeup their constituents and the formation of replacement cells to compensate for the destruction incurred by the stages of death. The replacement of a death state by induction of a medical coma which is attached to a life support which in sequence renews the body's systems councils them to be independent of support and work in unison and finally reach homeostasis.

5. A realization that as efficient as the message in brief may be the initial and foremost message is the ENTIRETY of the research applied in order of importance and thereby relevance to commit to the utmost purpose of revival.To ensure that everything in consideration was taken and applied to complete the entire spectrum of what could be considered life saving techniques.

6. The initialization of synthetic beings that can be teleported holographically and regain shape and form and gestalt by particle integration forming a solid anatomy which can be reconfigured into particles and waves of light in a cyclical repetitive process - see chimeras-see perpetual motion clones and replacement shift workers for details of overall surveillance and observational coverage
